add docs pages for home and architecture (#221)
naturerobots/HSOS-SEP-PlantMap-2022: docs/index.md

garden is grööntüügs[^5] (lower German for greenery) from Ibbenbüren a drone
picture of their garden can be found below.

But there are some **hurdles to overcome** when starting or running a
mircofarming garden:

- The management of the cultivation, crop rotations and work planning can be
  complex and can often lead to the fact that newcomers are not able to be
  economically profitable.
- Scaling up the garden is often not possible due to the amount of time
  needed to monitor the plants manually.
- Very little tools to support gardeners in their work (hardware and software wise).

With the development of the **PlantMap Digital Logbook** we want to tackle some
of the existing problems, when switching to or running an environment friendly garden.

<figure markdown>
  ![Grööntüügs Ibbenbüren](imgs/mirco-farming-garden.jpg){width=700px}
  <figcaption> Grööntüügs Ibbenbüren </figcaption>
</figure>

## Goals of this project :goal_net:

This section outlines the main goals of the developed **PlantMap Digital
Logbook**. Most of them are directly derived from the above listed hurdles. If
you are having trouble to grasp some of the concepts or terminology here, please

> have a look at [project overview](./concept.md) or the
> [terminology](reference/definitions.md) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have a look at [project overview](reference/architecture.md#overview) or the
[terminology](reference/terminology.md) page.
```
